=head1 NAME

tfdiffWorker.pl

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   perl tfdiffWorker.pl [--host, -h <server>]
                        [--port, -p <int>]
                        [--tube, -t <tube_name>]
                        [--job-root-directory, -d <directory>]
                        [--max-jobs, -l <int>]
                        [--script <file>]
                        [--sleep-on-error <int>]
                        [-v [, -v]]

   perl tfdiffWorker.pl (--help|--man)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This worker will take jobs from the beanstalkd-queue, fetch the data from
C<${job-root-directory}/${job-id}> and process it.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--help>

Shows the help and exits.

=item B<--man>

Shows the extended, perldoc formatted, help and exits.

=item B<--verbosity, -v> <error|warn|log|gossip|debug>

Set the verbosity. Possible options:

=over 4

=item error

Only show errors.

=item warn

Show errors and warnings

=item log

Show errors, warnings and log-messages

=item gossip

Show errors, warnings, log-messages and extra log-messages.

=item debug

Show as much info as possible (errors, warnings, log-messages, extra log-messages, +++)

=back

=back

=head2 QUEUE

=over 8

=item B<--host, -h> <server>

The server where the beanstalkd-queue is running.

[Default: localhost]

=item B<--port, -p> <int>

The beanstalkd port.

[Default: 11300]

=item B<--tube, -t> <name>

The beanstalkd-tube to reserve jobs from.

[Default: tfdiff_encode]

=back

=head2 WORKER

=over 8

=item B<--job-root-directory, -d> <directory>

Each job has a directory linked to it. The specified C<directory> is the
root-directory where the worker will look for the job-data.

[Default: F<./>]

=item B<--max-age> <int>

The maximum seconds the worker is allowed to age before self destructing.

[Default: 86400]

=item B<--max-jobs, -l> <int>

The number of jobs to process before apoptosis

[Default: 100]

=item B<--script> <file>

This is the script the worker will call to process the job.

[Default: F<../scripts/ddmTyrant.pl>]

=item B<--sleep-on-error> <int>

To prevent a log flood, sleep C<sleep-on-error> seconds before advancing the
loop.

[Default: 15]

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 8

=item Arne Soete (arne.soete@irc.vib-ugent.be)

=back
